okay hello everyone um so I haven't been
doing a lot of cooking tutorials here
lately because it's been getting into
summer summertime more about just eating
fresh stuff a lot and not so much I get
off the meat a lot in the summer and
definitely don't cook a lot of big meals
and solid but those German recipes on
the on the site you know those seem to
be so far like the most popular and I
thought I'm going to make them I had a
hankering for some schnitzel so I
thought I'd make some uh so I make pork
schnitzel I don't even feel at all I
haven't ate veal since I was a kid and I
saw some documentary about what they do
those poor cows so I mean I know all
meats bad but pork schnitzel is really
good you don't have it's greenish
schnitzel and that's veal but I just use
pork these were frozen i buy a pack and
I've seen him in the grocery store their
boneless pork chops basically first
thing I want to do is I want to get all
I get all the fat off of it I pushed it
soul and pork chops you know I might
leave that fat on there but for uh no
not pushing it so I don't want any fat
at all on the schnitzel and I'm even
going to cut off this little end piece
all the way off you know as you if
you've ever seen any my videos I have
dogs so cook that up and they're going
to hit love that okay so do the same on
here now this thing we're going to pound
it and it's going to be quite a bit
bigger than it is right now ok so here
I've got my two pieces fat off and then
you need one of these you know pounding
things you start how I do it is I start
with the big teeth there's big teeth and
small teeth I start with the big teeth
one side the other side and then what
this does it just kind of loosens up the
fiber of the knee if you start right in
with the little one sometimes it ends up
falling apart so I do this first like so
now I go back add it with a little one
is the thing about soul is you want
it to be pretty much like paper cinemas
I just remember I don't have any fresh
lemon either so look that's you know
this is what it looks like now it's very
large and very thin I'm going to do the
same with the other one flip it okay so
these two feet normally you know when
like I'll do one more the reason I did
that a little one works i picked it up
and it felt too thick so it should be
very thin you know almost a little bit
thicker than paper you know okay so
here's a step one next step is we're
going to read it and then we're going to
fry it in some while and then you serve
it with a little lemon and butter okay
I'll be back in a bit to show you the
breading all right I'm back and I'm on
to the next step here this is the same
reading technique that I use on the
porch as if you watch that video the
only difference on this is I don't add
any garlic in this case so what I have
over here i'm getting my little
workstation setup flower here i'm going
to crack an egg now i'm only making two
so i'm not using much but you'd want to
adjust your proportions a little
bit more a little bit of milk and always
in my breading stuff I always just throw
in a little shot of soy sauce to it
don't know why I got into that habit ok
so I've got over here flour egg milk
tiny drop of soy sauce then the third
step is usually our normal circumstances
would be you know just seasoned bread
crumbs but I've been doing this mix
lately and I'm really liking this mix I
always forget to have a dry fork to mix
it up so I'm going to add a little bit
of seasoned breadcrumbs a little bit of
that would be Italian season this is
wheat wheat bread crumbs pull we playing
and then panko I get panko rocks man
panko is some good stuff I mean it looks
kind of funky now but it really does
given a really nice kind of crunchy
texture you know a schnitzel I mean I'm
making it a spork when I was in Germany
practically every other item on the menu
and the restaurants were schnitzel
seneschal schnitzel so they make it all
sorts of different ways and different
things on it this is my ex
mother-in-law's recipe i learned how to
make it from her she was the shuttle
schnitzel queen so shout-out to Marianne
alright so here we go i'm just going to
do these 2 i've got my thinly pounded
out pork loin i'm going to get a nice
coating of flour throw it in the egg do
the same with this just sit it in the
flour for a second here oops sometimes
in this you might have to use your
fingers i'd try not to because i don't
want all the goop on my finger that's
gross wow my kids are going up we would
make 2 i'd make you know they would just
die for this stuff we just gobble it up
it was one of our favorite dinners you
had a patty once a week ok so that's
there and I'm going to get this one
coated with flour see on the pork chops
I also rubbed some garlic on
I don't put the garlic in the schnitzel
because that's how she didn't do it that
way so I kind of just I pretty much
stick to her recipe other than the soy
sauce here and the panko mixture thing
here okay so i got i have this on a
piece of wax paper and give it a coating
flip it another coating sometimes it
helps oops sometimes it helps if you
kind of press press that breading down
on there i find really get it is i like
a lot of breading this is pretty much
you know fried bread a little bit of
meat in there ok so there's that's one
and I'm gonna do the same with this one
and then all it is is you just tell
we're going to fry it up in a little bit
of a little bit of oil I think she used
olive oil on this but I'm not going to
i'm going to use canola I'm gonna have
to use my hands because this is folding
so there we go get it in there she can
see give it a sprinkle on each side I
think I have enough here try to try to
make that work there we go yeah I don't
like goopy hands so I've got it on my
finger this doesn't have to really wash
my hands out really good they have to
anyway great cuz you're handling raw
pork you're gonna have to wash your
hands up you know with antibacterial
soap and the whole whole bit okay so I'm
just going to give this a little bald
spot there the bare spot get it make
sure it's really coated okay so here we
have normally before I was making this
have a stack this high of ash that's all
that's just me and this is I'll probably
eat one today and save one so here it is
these are the finished ready to fry and
then we're going to move on to the next
phase of frying them up and top with a
little butter and lemon I didn't get
fresh lemon so I'm gonna have to maybe
use lemon juice I know but I'll be back
to show you the frying process in a few
minutes okay here i am with stove I've
got some oil it's got a couple drops of
water in it that's why it's from doing
that you know
stuff so I'm gonna go ahead and get my
skips off oh yeah hard time here give it
into the pan as i said earlier i'm just
using canola oil I sleek like some other
ways to use olive oil you can use
whatever you want I think canola is
better for this kind of thing some
things I like olive oil on that's just
ain't one of them okay so get it in the
oil I'm going to crank it and i'm just
going to brown it on both sides so just
keep an eye on it and then when its
brown on one side you take your fork and
flip and then it'll be browned on the
other side all right so check back in a
few minutes when it's completely browned
alright so here's just a couple minutes
later and thank you sniffles are done
this one's definitely done the other
ones not quite in brown but that's okay
because I'm not going to eat it both
today so then this one will be when I
warm it up I'll probably one laughing
out toaster oven or something and I'll
have a little little room to be brown
down I'm going to scoot over here and
show you too since I'm not going to eat
this one today I'm just going to not do
it but normally how we always did it was
my knife this is it hot out of the fire
you put a little tablet butter on it
right away and then that melts and then
you add fresh lemon would be preferable
but I'm going to probably have to use
some just a bottle of lemon juice so you
let that butter melt down there and then
you put a little lemon on it and wound
ova I was going to say many feet but I
better these German and say Bulova
Bulova okay so now you know how to make
pork schnitzel enjoy